If I were you, I would take the initiative to leave the joke
Because beggars don't deserve love at all
Only I can satisfy
Happiness is too simple
This side of Nanhong agate is worth 160,000
This emerald is worth 320,000
This old pit glass seed
Value 400,000
This pure gold necklace
300 grams worth 180,000
What do you have?
What can you give to Late Autumn?
Who made you drink it?
How do you see that Xiao Chen's family is rich?
You learned it yourself
Xiao Chen can give it to us in late autumn
Millions of designer homes.
What about you?
I can only send this kind of cheap goods from roadside stalls.
This crap
How do you talk to Xiao Chen?
Auntie, don't say that
No matter what, I will not divorce Xiao Chu
Girl, why are you so stubborn?
Xiao Chen, what's the matter with you?
Don't mess with me, I'm going to the toilet